src/modules/algorithm/seed/algorithms/anagram-check/lessons/001_problem_description.md, before:

---
title: Understanding Anagrams - What Are We Solving?
---

# 🧩 Understanding Anagrams

## What is an Anagram? 

An anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase, using all the original letters exactly once. 

For example:
- "listen" and "silent" are anagrams
- "triangle" and "integral" are anagrams
- "debit card" and "bad credit" are anagrams

## 🎯 Our Challenge

Given two strings, we need to determine if they are anagrams of each other. In other words, we need to check if both strings contain exactly the same characters with the same frequency, regardless of their order.

### Examples:

```
Input: s1 = "listen", s2 = "silent"
Output: true
```

```
Input: s1 = "hello", s2 = "world"
Output: false
```

## 🤔 Why is this Important?

Anagram checking is a fundamental string processing problem that appears in:
- Word games and puzzles
- Text analysis and natural language processing
- Cryptography
- Database operations for finding similar text entries
- Spell checking algorithms

## 💭 Think About It

Before diving into solutions, take a moment to consider:

1. What makes two strings anagrams of each other?
2. What's the simplest way to check if two strings have the same characters?
3. What are some edge cases we should consider?

In the next lesson, we'll start exploring different approaches to solve this problem efficiently!

> 💡 **Tip**: The key insight for anagram checking is that two strings must have identical character frequencies to be anagrams.

Commit message:

feat(a-star): update lessons and metadata for A* algorithm
- Update `index.json` to reflect the latest modification date.
- Enhance lesson content across multiple files, including problem descriptions, introductions, and core concepts.
- Introduce new lessons on implementation details, optimization techniques, and practical applications.
- Add interactive visualizer and comparison with other pathfinding algorithms to deepen understanding.
- Ensure lessons are structured for clarity and engagement, promoting effective learning of the A* algorithm.

src/modules/algorithm/seed/algorithms/anagram-check/lessons/001_problem_description.md, after:

---
title: Understanding Anagrams - What Are We Solving?
---

# 🧩 Understanding Anagrams

## What is an Anagram? 

An anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase, using all the original letters exactly once. 

For example:
- "listen" and "silent" are anagrams
- "triangle" and "integral" are anagrams
- "debit card" and "bad credit" are anagrams

## 🎯 Our Challenge

Given two strings, we need to determine if they are anagrams of each other. In other words, we need to check if both strings contain exactly the same characters with the same frequency, regardless of their order.

### Examples:

```
Input: s1 = "listen", s2 = "silent"
Output: true
```

```
Input: s1 = "hello", s2 = "world"
Output: false
```

## 🔍 Visual Understanding

To understand what makes two strings anagrams, let's visualize the character frequencies:

```
"listen" and "silent" are anagrams because:

Character | Count in "listen" | Count in "silent"
----------|------------------|------------------
    l     |        1         |        1
    i     |        1         |        1
    s     |        1         |        1
    t     |        1         |        1
    e     |        1         |        1
    n     |        1         |        1
```

Every character appears exactly the same number of times in both strings, just in a different order.

## ⚠️ Edge Cases to Consider

When working with anagrams, be mindful of these important edge cases:

- **Empty strings**: Are two empty strings considered anagrams of each other?
- **Case sensitivity**: Should "Listen" and "Silent" be considered anagrams?
- **Spaces and special characters**: How should we handle spaces, punctuation, and other non-alphabetic characters?
- **Unicode characters**: What about strings containing non-ASCII characters like emojis or accented letters?

How we handle these edge cases depends on the specific requirements of our application.

## 🤔 Why is this Important?

Anagram checking is a fundamental string processing problem that appears in:
- Word games and puzzles
- Text analysis and natural language processing
- Cryptography
- Database operations for finding similar text entries
- Spell checking algorithms

## 💭 Think About It

Before diving into solutions, take a moment to consider:

1. What makes two strings anagrams of each other?
2. What's the simplest way to check if two strings have the same characters?
3. What are some edge cases we should consider?

In the next lesson, we'll start exploring different approaches to solve this problem efficiently!

> 💡 **Tip**: The key insight for anagram checking is that two strings must have identical character frequencies to be anagrams.
